This video is going to be an offers
masterclass for B2B businesses. The
offer is probably the highest leveraged
thing that you could possibly have in
your business. A better offer means a
higher click-through rate, a higher
opt-in rate, a higher book call rate, a
higher show rate, and a higher close
rate. So, if you've ever had problems
building an offer that converts, this
master class will be the thing for you.
So, let's get started. In this video,
I'm going to cover a number of things.
I'm going to answer the question, what
is an offer? I'm going to answer the
question, why do you need one? I'm going
to go over some things that really make
great offers, like things that people
already buy and things people must have.
Then, I'm going to get into the things
that make a good offer, the different
type of offers, why you need all of
them, and then how to create each type.
So, these are all real world lessons.
what's working for me right now in my
agency, what's working for 550 plus
clients in my consulting program, what's
working for my venture capital
investments, and it should be noted that
90% or more of my clients are either
agency owners or preede seed and series
A startups. So, all of my videos on my
channel are classroom style content. So,
there's going to be no editing, no
scripting, just step-by-step plan and as
much value as I can possibly do. In
every point that I cover, I'm going to
go over the problems, the stories, the
examples, and the lessons that come with
it. So, if we go back to our five
pillars of success in any type of
business that deals with leads, whether
that's B2B, B TOC, but we're dealing
with B2B businesses here. So, the five
pillars are the funnel, they are the
messaging, they are the planning,
they're the metrics, and then they're
the personal. So, you need your funnel
to send people through. You need the
right messaging to attract and convert
the right audience. You need a lot of
planning to get things done and all of
the things you need to do complete. You
need metrics because if you don't know
your numbers, you can't possibly improve
anything. And you need to have the
personal side of things because you have
to be a good enough person with your
habits, with your thoughts, all of that
kind of stuff to manage the other four.
So for offers, we're definitely talking
about the funnel here and wouldn't say
we're definitely talking about
messaging, but it's going to play a big
role in the funnel. So let's get to the
first question and that is going to be
what is an offer. So the main problem
that a lot of people have especially I
would say agency owners is that many
many companies do not even have a real
offer. They rely heavily on referrals,
heavily on networking and up until this
point regardless of revenue level
they've never really needed an offer.
Sometimes they have self-limiting
beliefs. they think the offer is scammy
or whatever, something along those
lines. Sometimes they're amateurs,
usually the lower level businesses, and
they just kind of didn't know they
needed one, which is fine. Everybody
learns at a different pace. And most
people who don't fit into those buckets,
they kind of think they have an offer,
but I would say it's just fairly weak in
general. Like their offer, they think
it's they think an offer is I'm going to
manage your ads for you. And that's I
wouldn't say really what we're going
for. So, I have an example for you here
to show you the difference, right? Let's
let's take that other one. I'm going to
manage your Facebook ads for your
e-commerce brand. Not really an offer,
right? That's like a service that you
provide. It's not really an offer. I had
a client who was a Facebook ad agency
for e-commerce stores and essentially
they grew to 8 million per year, a
little under 8 million using basically
just referrals, just networking and
providing a great service. And they do
provide probably the best service that
I've seen in terms of, you know, their
monthly churn rate and average client
relationship is very, very low. And the
problem that they had is they wanted to
sell their agency. They wanted to get to
10 million ARR and then sell it, but
they didn't really acquire any customers
themselves. Literally, all of their
customers are through word of mouth and
networking, referrals, all that kind of
stuff. And you know, there's nothing
wrong with that. If that gets you to
where you want to go and you're happy
with that, perfect. But they're not
happy with that in this case because
they wanted to sell. And basically, they
were trying to sell and no one's really
taking them very seriously because they
don't actually get and I'm not even
exaggerating, literally any customers
through cold like traffic. None through
ads, none for outreach, none for even
content. Absolutely none whatsoever.
So, we came up with the offer for them
because the thing about offers is they
need to be
appealing to your target audience and
hopefully only your target audience. So,
their target audience was basically any
e-commerce store owner. Generally
speaking, that's between 10 and 10
million a year and, you know, a couple
hundred million a year. There's not
really any upper limit. So, the offer
that we kind of came to, and I'll get
into the different types of offers later
in this video, but the offer that we
came to is we're going to take your
three best ad creatives and we're going
to remake them with 50 plus different
avatars. I can't even remember, it was
just a ton of different avatars um to
that does a couple of things. Number
one, whether you like it or not, you
know, whether your political beliefs or
beliefs about the world are realistic or
kind of imaginary, I would say, you
know, people buy and like and interact
with people who look like them, right?
So, let's just take one of their best ad
creatives. Let's just say it's like me,
uh, white guy, blue-eyed. I'm 29 years
old at the time of recording. You know,
that is not a large percentage of the
population, right? Well, maybe it is,
maybe it isn't. Who knows? So what they
would do with this offer is they take
the exact ad that in this case I am the
person in the ad and they would remake
it instead. They would remake it with a
well a white man, a black man, an Asian
man, a Latino man, an Arab man. And then
they would do the same with a white
woman, a black woman, a Asian woman. You
get the picture. And then they would do
it the same. And then they would do it
with someone who's old and then
middle-aged and then young. And then
they would do it with someone who's fat
and who's skinny. And you kind of get
the picture here. Just
proven ads that are pretty much
guaranteed to work because they're
already working, but just with different
avatars to expand their audience. And
the value of that is you get a much, you
know, more ad creatives that are kind of
guaranteed to work, but your ads will
start delivering to more, you know,
people because if you, let's just say I
had a I had another client here who
literally every single one of his ads
was just, you know, just black people in
the ads, right? They were selling a
seamos supplement. And the the the owner
like he was not black, but there was two
co-founders and one was. And he's just
like explaining to me that, you know, he
only gets black people as customers. And
I was like, well, yeah. Have you looked
at your ads in your site? He's like,
okay, like it matters that much? And
yes. And he, this is a different client
who actually bought the offer from the
Facebook ad agency and he expanded his
basically reach his number of
impressions. His CPM went down and he
just got an insane
scale of his customer base and I think
he was at 30 million a year or something
like that and went to over 100 million a
year within like 18 months after he
bought this service from this client.
So, if you're going to kind of do this
yourself, you know, determine what
percentage of your customers come from
cold channels, like a lot of people that
will be zero, but it's kind of a good
step because, you know, if you are
getting clients from cold email, for
example, you probably have an offer, at
least more of an offer than someone who
relies on just referrals.
And the next step is we want to
determine our ICP. And our ICP, we
should kind of wireframe it based on who
the 80% of our average customers are
because there's always going to be
people on either extreme, there's always
going to be outliers. But usually you
can take 80% or so of your customers and
come up with the attributes that they
have in common. Whether that's, you
know, job title, whether that's race,
whether that's gender, whether that's
age, whether that's, you know, revenue
range in their business, whether that's
location, whether that's their niche,
whatever, you can usually do a pretty
good job at getting around 80% of people
in there. And once you have that, I
think you should basically brainstorm 10
potential offers that would appeal to
them and only to them. And that's a very
important point in my opinion. You want
your offer to appeal to your target
audience, but only to them. Like, you
don't want it to appeal to your target
audience and then everyone below them
because you're just going to get a bunch
of random people clicking on your ads,
ruining your pixel data, you know,
following you, all of that kind of
stuff. So, something like this, we all
going to make your, you know, take your
three best ad creatives, remake them.
that kind of like DQs a lot of the
smaller level e-commerce stores
automatically because they just don't
have three ad creatives that are amazing
or if they did they'd be a big store
right so that's very appealing and
that's a good example of you know being
very laser focused on your audience
versus you know I'm just going to run
your Facebook ads for free for you that
would probably be a good offer right but
that's going to attract everyone and
actually probably be offputting to the
the type of customers you're trying to
do so what you want to when you have
this list of 10 offers or 10 potential
offers. I like to run ads and do cold
outreach with 10 to see the best
responses. That's optional, but you
don't even need to make the off or the
like the stuff. You can just basically
put an ad up there, do a landing page,
see the opt-in rate, and that is not a
perfect science, but it's going to give
you a pretty good idea to what people
click on and what people don't. And
you're often going to be surprised. I
know I've been very surprised that
offers that I thought were stupid. huge
click-through rate, huge book call rate,
offers that I thought were good, and the
opposite was true.
When you do this, you can collect data
based on what actually works, not what
you think will work. And then you do
that before you proceed to the next
step. The next step here is to kind of
go over and drill into our brain like
why do we need an offer to begin with,
right?
With cold traffic, you really have no
built-in trust or authority like you do
with referrals, you do with networking,
all that kind of stuff. And many people,
in my experience, like really, vastly
overestimate how good they are at sales
and how good all of their assets and
systems are because all of their calls
are essentially layups, very easy to
close because they come from referrals
and they come from networking. They come
in hot and it's just not the same thing.
cold audiences. By cold audiences, I'm
primarily talking about paid ads and
outreach content as well, but if
someone's been, you know, like you
watching my YouTube video for a while,
it's significantly warmer than a pure
cold email or a pure like ad campaign.
And cold audiences don't trust you or
care about you in the same way. And you
need to just be a lot sharper and a lot
better in general to convert them. So,
an example of this here is I had a
Google Ads agency client in the
addiction treatment niche. It's kind of
a funny niche, but they grew to 30
million per year in revenue at 12%
margin in the addiction treatment space.
Basically, only through referrals and
word of mouth and they wanted to expand.
Should be noted that like this 30
million, you know, 24 million or so will
be like they're billing the client, but
they have to turn that into ad spend,
right? So, it's not like they're
stacking up 30 million of retainers. But
all of their ads and cold emails never
really worked consistently because
there's no offer. It's just like we're
going to, you know, we do Google ads.
It sounds obvious when you see someone
do it, but a lot of people do um not
have an offer. So the offer that we
settled on was we're going to you're
going to put up x amount of budget.
We're going to ma manage it for free for
30 days and if you we get x y and z
we're going to continue. x y and z was
different for all the clients. Some
people wanted calls. Some people wanted
it's called a verification of benefits.
Some people just wanted form fills. But
we do that for 30 days and if you like
it, we'll see. And they were actually
very good at what they did. and they had
an insane, you know, I don't know what
you want to call it, continuation rate
from free to paid. It was something like
80%.
So, if you've never closed clients from
ads or outreach before, I think the best
thing you can do for yourself is to
basically throw out all prior tactics
and beliefs because they're probably not
going to be serving you. be okay with
going from one call layup closes from
referrals and networking to kind of
hostile
two to three call closes with a little
rapport at the start. It's just what you
need to do to succeed.
The next thing is that when I'm getting
into this, I like to set up my metrics
tracking for stuff like show rate, close
rate, all of that kind of stuff. And I
like to segment it by source. So I'd
have a different calendarly or a
different type form or landing page for
YouTube versus Twitter versus LinkedIn
versus Facebook ads versus cold email
really have a type for landing page for
cold email but a different calendarly
you want to segment it out by source
because when you have like people coming
from YouTube and cold email like the if
you just have it all in one average the
YouTube is going to kind of draw up all
of or like artificially inflate all of
the rates and that's not really what you
want. So before you kind of finalize
your offer, you want to keep going to
the next couple of steps that I'm going
to talk about. And the first step here
is one of the most important concepts.
And it's offers that people already buy.
And many people tried too hard to sell
stuff that people either don't want,
never tried, or never even heard of. One
of my best quotes or one of my favorite
quotes, it's not my quote here, is
something along the line of just because
you're unique, just because you are
unique doesn't mean you're useful. And
it's like it often is accompanied by an
image of a fork that only has, you know,
it has like bended prongs or prongs of a
fork, whatever the things are. You know,
it's very unique, but it's not like all
the other forks, but it's not useful at
all. Right? It is far easier to do a
better job marketing and selling a
service and providing, you know, good
client results that people already buy
rather than do something new. Especially
when you're starting out, unless you're
doing something that is truly novel,
truly revolutionary that you know, maybe
you raised money for or you have some
sort of, you know, AI tool or you have
something that just no one else can
access. I would really recommend proving
like focusing on stuff that's proven to
work. So, one of an example for you is I
had a business loan agency client,
right? And they came to me, this is
probably a few years ago at this point,
and they were just selling retainers to
manage Facebook and Google ads for
business loans.
And I don't know, I would say that the
average person watching this video
doesn't know much about the business
loan industry. So, I'm just going to
tell you the problem with that is that
just, you know, buying leads or buying
lists and cold calling them is very very
standard in the business loan industry.
That's how most people get all of their
leads. So, by selling retainers and, you
know, the setting it all up and waiting
14 or 30 days or however and like trying
to explain all that to them is not
really how that niche operates by
default. It's not saying it wouldn't
work, but it's not the best way to do
it. The number one lead source in that
niche is simply buying them, not
generating themselves. So, as soon as I
had this business loan client switch
from basically retainers to pay per
lead, the agency grew from 120k per
month in revenue to 800k per month in
revenue in 3 months. Instead of just,
you know, pay me 5k per month and I'll
manage your ads, it's give me your 50k a
month budget, I'll spend 40k, generate
the leads, and pocket 10k. So you're
making more money, you're having way
more revenue, and it just provides a
better result to the clients than what
they were doing before. So what you want
to do here is you want to write down
your offer choices from the previous
steps. Cross reference them with things
that people already buy. If you have
something too new or unproven or s, you
know, out there, replace it with
something that you've actually seen
someone sell before, at least one
person. And then do some research and
find what people like and don't like
about past vendors. and then finish off
with at least 10 ideas that people
already buy that you can do better based
on your research. And that's what you
really want to do here.
The next step here is the offers that
people must have. And this is, in my
opinion, the most impactful one. Most
offers do not have a built-in sense of
urgency or necessity. You don't really
need them. They would be nice to have,
but you don't really need them. And this
manifests in longer sales cycles because
people don't necessarily need to buy and
it's always going to be an uphill
battle. I have a few examples off the
top of my head for you that I'll share
in a sec. To me, the best hack in the
entire world is to sell stuff that
people must buy. Whether that's they
legally must buy it, you know,
functionally must have it, they just
can't really do it or some other they
must have it. So, I have a few examples
here.
I am a partner at a big paper lead
agency and two biggest verticals if you
say are auto insurance and medical
insurance. These are both in the United
States if you're not in the United
States. In the United States for auto
insurance, you are legally mandated to
have it if you want to have a car. It's
technically illegal to drive if you
don't have insurance. That's exactly
what I'm talking about. People, you
know, this is a great offer, auto
insurance, because people must have it.
they're going to buy it from someone no
matter what. So, you're basically
competing for that business as opposed
to I would say that certain consulting
services and programs like my own even
you don't necessarily need a highle
agency or you know funded startup
mastermind. It's probably good to learn
and reinvesting in yourself and learning
the stuff is probably the best use of
time and money you can do but you're not
going to die or something if you don't
have it. You know, that's why there's so
many food places and so many
restaurants. People must have food,
right? And then I'm also in the medical
insurance niche. You don't necessarily
legally have to have it, but if you
don't want to face medical bankruptcy
and ruin your life, you sort of do,
right? Another less dramatic example, I
think, would be in e-commerce, right?
Everybody needs Facebook ads. Everybody
needs, you know, email marketing. It's
not the law, but functionally, if you
want to have a successful e-commerce
store, you need email marketing to pick
up the slack and you need to drive
traffic with Facebook ads. So that's why
there's so many of those agencies.
So the to-do list here, write down the
offers from the previous steps, and then
I want you to cross reference them with
things people must have. They don't have
to buy it. I would try to replace it
with a new one. Do some research and
find what people like and dislike about
other services and other vendors with
this new stuff in there. and then finish
off with at least 10 offers people must
buy and that they already buy. And those
two are basically
kind of identical, but I like to
separate them into two separate
concepts.
So, let's go to the next part. I want to
go into the different types of offers
that you could have. And a lot of these
are for service type businesses. If you
are a funded startup like some of my
clients or you have a SAS or something
like that,
you really really do this, right? Like
certain businesses, they just have their
main offer and that's it. And if you can
tell you have a business like that, you
know, you don't really need to keep
going in this video. So 97% of leads are
never going to be qualified to buy from
you. That's the problem here.
It's estimated that only 3% of leads are
like referred to as inmarket in a lot of
these, you know, sales organizations, a
lot of these marketing organizations,
that kind of stuff. If you just looking
for some Google terminology [gasps] so
that means 3% at any given time in any
niche are looking to buy. And basically
the other 97% are not. No matter what
you really do, what service, what
country, 97% of people in any audience
will not be qualified. Whether that's
due to price and they can't afford it,
whether that's due to fit, they don't
like you or you don't like them, or
whether it's just due to timing. And
when you only have your main highriced,
high commitment recurring service,
you're effectively DQing all of the
target market. So, an example are my
offers. If you want to join them,
obviously, I'll accept your money, but I
basically do lead genen stuff, right?
So, I have a lead genen agency that
deals with clients, unless you are, you
know, at a 250k per month marketing
budget, you know, it's going to be a no
on our end, but whatever. But then I
also have, if you're doing 500k plus per
year, there's a one-on-one mastermind or
one-on-one program. If you're doing
between 250K to 500K per year, it's a
group mastermind. If you're under 250K a
year, there's a course. If you're not
ready to buy anything for any reason and
you don't trust me or you just can't
even afford any of those, then I have a
digital product and some affiliate
offers for you to run. If you need
something different, you thought you
need lead genen, you thought you wanted
to join, but you really need operations
help first, I can refer you away and
collect referral fees. So, no matter
who's in my target audience, no matter
who, like yourself, are watching my
videos, I'll always have something for
you. You just got to ask. And the to-do
list for this is you want to make sure
that you have different levels of offers
for different levels of the market. But
the key nuance in my view is they all
need to be the same end goal, right?
It's not like I have a one-on-one
mastermind for lead generation and then
a service that only does startups and
then a group mastermind for e-commerce
and then a course on how to scale a
local service business. Every single
thing here is the same, the same result.
It's just the way it's delivered and the
price are different. So, the high-priced
main recurring service is where you make
all your money. That's, you know, the
cash machine and all of the other tools
are kind of ways to get you there. The
intro offer, which we're going to go
over, is going to be the workhorse in
terms of client acquisition. And then
you have your courses, your programs,
your referral fees as downells or
cross-ells if that's a better fit for
them. then digital products and
affiliate offers for people who aren't
necessarily ready to buy. So if we're
talking in our funnel here, so let's
just say someone comes in, you know,
through paid ads, they, you know, came
in. Oh, let's get a different color
here.
They came in here, they watched your
VSSL, they booked a call, but they were
unqualified. You know, you could send
them to the digital products if they're
very unqualified, or you could sell them
your course. But let's just say they're
qualified for sake of argument here in
the next example. Uh let's just say
they're qualified. Now you're going
through they're booked on a call, but
now they get on the call and you
determine that they don't really need
your service. You know, you could refer
them away or you determine that they're
just not quite ready. The program is a
better fit or you know, maybe they are
ready and you sell them your one-time
intro offer and then from there when you
do a good job, you upsell them. Like
that's really how it works. As opposed
to, you know, you have all these things.
They're all one congruent thing that are
just basically different options for
different levels of the target market.
It's very, very powerful when you get it
all running. I feel like that's the
reason that I was able to exit my last
agency both quickly and for very good
terms in comparison to a lot of people.
It's because I had so many different
offers that no matter what someone
really had or no matter what their
situation, I could help them in some
way. That's really what I think a lot of
people, especially agency owners should
go for. Not really that possible if you
like sell insurance or something or you
know you have a a SAS and you raise
money like you just sell your SAS or you
just you know but the same time if
you're an agency owner or any kind of
consultant very very strong.
We're going to elaborate a little more
on why you need these multiple offers.
So you might have guessed based on the
last thing, but let's just keep going a
little bit more. The reason that I would
say is a problem for most is that only
having one offer leaves huge margin on
the table. A good profit margin for
services is, you know, 25 to 40%, though
it's often very much less than that when
you have a some of these inefficient
businesses.
Many of the we're going to call them
non-service offers like the course, like
the referral fees, like the digital
product, that kind of stuff. affiliate,
they are close to 100% margin. Maybe
just a little software costs, maybe some
payment processing costs
in certain situations, maybe, you know,
some appointment setting or closing
fees, but they're very, very close to
100% margin, much closer to 100% margin
than, you know, the services are 0%
margin, right? And when you have the
course, the program, the referral bees,
the digital products, affiliate, all
that kind of stuff in addition to your
service, because remember 97% of the
market's not really going to be involved
with that. It's very very like possible
that your revenue doubles, but your
profit, you know, five times increases.
So, let's just say, you know, let's just
say you do 1 million from services and 1
million from the rest, right?
Let's put a dollar sign here so we know
we're talking about that money. So, 1
million at 25% margin is 250K,
right?
But then 1 million at let's just say
like 90% margin just to make it fair.
That's like 900k for the very few you
know agencies and consultancies that
take my advice. Like this is a very like
common setup. You know you have double
the revenues. Like you go from 1 mil to
2 mil but you go from 250k to like 1.1
mil profit instead of the other way
around. It's very very possible. It's
very common um when you actually do all
of this stuff and take my advice as
opposed to just ignoring it. So, you
need multiple offers because imagine if
you just had an extra 900k, take it out,
start balling out, you could reinvest,
you could hire better a players, you
could do so many different things as
opposed to just, you know, for most
people like let's just try to delete
this, you know, I don't know, this just
doesn't exist at all. like it's just not
part of their business, you know? It's
not a matter of how much it increases,
it just doesn't exist. And that's like
one of the reasons why I'm so passionate
about
like this funnel in the way it is
because I just know how powerful it is.
Like I sold my agency at a little bit
over 900k per month in the trailing 90
days and much of the profit, let's just
say, was from this kind of stuff as
opposed to services. And so interesting
how it works when you're exiting stuff
and like they look at the quality of
revenue is what a lot of people will
refer to it as. Um just very interesting
topic, something for another video.
Now, we're going to go over how to
create each offer because the problem
and the reason I have this is most
people just think this is too much work,
you know, like how the [__] do I do any
of this stuff and they think everything
that needs to be made from scratch and I
don't that just could not be further
from the truth. Most people don't
realize that what I've been saying all
along is most of these offers are just
different versions of the same thing.
And as such a lot of the assets, a lot
of the content, a lot of the processes,
a lot of the same employees can be
repurposed and do multiple things. An
example is you know my mastermind if you
want to join my paper lead is agency is
probably top 0.1% in the world at both
paid ads and outreach. So what we've
done is we've repurposed almost all of
our internal processes, AI, IP and all
of that kind of stuff into Kajjabi which
is a course platform. Then we sell that
just as it is as a course and then
there's a program that's basically the
course with a community and some calls.
The service is the service and then we
have referral partners that basically
handle any single part of that we don't
do. So when you're doing this, the
service is done for you. The program is
done with you. And in my opinion, I like
to price it around 33% of the cost of
the service. The courses, of course, do
it yourself, and I like to price at
about 10% of the service, although I've
seen people do it way higher. In my
opinion, your digital product should
always be about $97. Anything over 100
psychologically,
you know, it seems so expensive and
really decreases the conversion rate,
but I don't really like the stuff that's
the, you know, the $17. I don't think
the whole purpose of a digital product
if you're going to run ads to it for me
is to break even acquiring the customers
and then upselling them later stress
free. So I like to do it at 97. And then
you want to have a list of referral
partners for every other adjacent
service that they might need. So you do
Facebook ads for e-commerce. You have
referral partnerships that are email
marketing and SEO and influencer
marketing and Google ads and Tik Tok ads
and Tik Tok shop and you get the
picture.
So now we're going to transition into
how we might actually make some of these
offers and some of the things that I
want you to look out for and keep in
mind. So the problem is with most
recurring services is they're too low
margin and the lifetime value is very
very low. If you're in business, you
basically have a recurring service. Like
that's the one thing that people always
have. But most people like really rely
Oops. And I forgot to write this down.
Like most people really really rely too
much on their main service and do not
have enough revenue to reinvest in the
business to keep growing and as such
they plateau.
to, you know, get a better LTV, you can
either lower your, you know, to get
better
to get a better business, you can either
lower your CAC or increase your LTV,
which basically means you can drive your
cost per call down, your close rate up,
or you could basically increase prices
and reduce churn, which is way too low
margin and lifetime value for most
people. And when you only have the
recurring service, you're kind of
screwed. So, let's go into an example of
an email marketing client. This is also
an e-commerce one that worked with me
several years ago at this point as well,
but I'll always remember them. They were
doing about 350K per month when they
came to me because and they joined my
mastermind, my consulting, because they
were at a point where they plateaued
because basically churn equaled
acquisition. So, let's just say I don't
know how many clients they have. if it
doesn't matter, but like let's say they
had 100 clients and they lost 10 a
month, but they would only get 10 a
month. Basically, it canceled out and
they're just stuck. And that's really
what's happening when you plateau in
your business. Churn equals acquisition.
And you can either get more clients or
you can decrease the churn rate. Those
are the only two real options.
There's very little you can do in a
service like e-commerce email marketing
that makes you that much better than
another e-commerce email marketing
agency or doing it inhouse. So, we kept
it kind of to the basics. We had a clean
onboarding that basically had a bunch of
quick wins in it to tide them over
between the point where they bought and
the point that they got their first
value. So, like, okay, do this to your
popup, do this to your deliverability,
do this, all that kind of stuff. We had
daily communication. At the very start,
we talked about what they would do for
the day. And at the end, we talked about
what they did. We did daily reporting
instead of weekly. And we did a
three-month plan. We always had all of
our emails scheduled 3 months out. And
this is very good for the clients. Like
their turn rate, I think, cut in a
third. It was pretty high before, so
it's not that impressive, but I think it
went from something like 26% to like 9%.
Something of that nature without just
making it up. It was something like
that.
In addition to that, I recommended that
every four clients, they should increase
their price by 20%. Until the point
where their close rate on cold traffic
dropped to 15%. And the reason I like
that is because most people never really
tested their price. Like a lot of people
could charge way more than they are.
It's just a matter of do you have the
proof? Do you have the authority? Do you
have the capability? Do they believe
you? Like if you're a massive e-commerce
store, you know, tens or hundreds of
millions in revenue, do you really care
like if it's 3500 a month versus 7500 a
month? No, of course not. But a lot of
people have this in their head. So I
like to increase the price by 20% every
four clients cuz that's just kind of
progressive enough where you're not
making huge changes. And I like to keep
doing that as long as the close rate on
ads and cold email is above 15%. I like
to keep doing it until, you know,
eventually you're going to hit a point
where you've raised it too much and then
it's not going to basically go your
close rate's just going to be so bad
because it's too expensive. And then
that's where you want to settle. 15% on
close rate is on cold traffic is where
you want to end up because you know you
could close 30% instead and half the
price but now you that but you're just
doing you know twice the work for the
same amount of revenue, twice the amount
of expenses, same revenue. like that's
where your margins get eaten up. So, we
have to get the price. So, to do this,
find your price by increasing 20% until
your close rate drops too low. And then
you want to have an onboarding process
where they have like five quick wins to
tide them over until they get their
first value. So, let's just say in my
mastermind, you know, between the time
you pay and the time you book your
onboarding call, you're going to get all
your metrics set up and you're going to
get all your messaging set up. That's an
example. So you're not just sit sitting
there, holy [__] this is like, did I
make a mistake paying Matt all this
money, right? Something to tie them over
and to reduce buyer remorse. In the
morning, tell them what you're going to
do for them today. And at night, confirm
what you did. Then you want to have
great reporting. That's day over day,
week over week, month over month. And my
favorite, today's result versus what
they were at the starting point. So like
a really strong one that I have in some
of my pay-per-le clients is like we tell
them their revenue from paid ads like
when they started versus you know now
like a lot of them started at you know
this revenue is a million a month but
now it's like 15 million and it's just a
constant reminder all in their face over
and over and over and it makes them less
likely to churn in my opinion. And then
you always come up with ideas and have a
plan for your clients. So you're viewed
as a partner and an asset instead of a
leech and a vendor who just is a bill
every month. Combination of these five
are going to make your recurring service
a lot better without actually really
doing anything to your recurring
service. Because for most recurring
services, there's not really that much
you can do that makes you that much
better than your competitors.
Everyone's good at the highest levels.
Everyone should at the lowest levels.
It's just is what it is.
So next, let's go into the intro offers.
The main problem that I think a lot of
people and a lot of businesses have is
they don't understand that main
recurring services often come with a lot
of risk to the client. And I don't think
a lot of people really appreciate or
consider this. Recurring services are
usually highriced, usually entail a
multimonth commitment. There's a lot of
different types of risk involved for the
client. There's financial risk. they
could lose, you know, the money that
they paid you. There's other kinds of
financial risks like you [__] it all
up and just kind of costing them actual
money. Good example of this I was
actually explaining today to a serial
client of mine and I used to have a CRO
agency. He's like kind of, you know, at
the risk of insulting him, saying that
he just doesn't really get it. He's like
talking about, you know, I charge six,
he's like, he charges 6K a month for,
you know, and if it doesn't work, he's
going to give them their money back. So,
if you don't know what CRO is, this is a
great example to like drive this point
home. It's when you it's called
conversion rate optimization. That's
what it stands for. So, basically, you
take two two versions of the same page,
right? So, let's just go page
one and page two.
And then you split the traffic to each.
You can do, you know, often 50/50, but
doesn't have to be. You could do 991 if
you wanted. And then what you're trying
to do is you're trying to really make a
better page on that's better than this
page. Because if this page, your new
one's better and then you send 100% of
the traffic, they're going to get better
results and make more money. That's how
it works.
But I'm trying to explain to him that
like let's say you know your page is 30%
worse now not now you've and they're a
multi-million dollar store you know $30
million store now like they've lost 10
times more than they actually pay you
because you've
done a bad job basically like there's a
lot of this type of risk especially with
larger companies that most people when
they're trying to create offers don't
really understand financial risk of that
the risk of you screwing it
reputation risk on their end. Like
marketing manager hires you, you do an
absolute horrible job, they're fired,
now their wife and kids are homeless.
Like this is very real stuff that you
have to think about when you're doing
it, especially with larger companies.
And most people don't appreciate that at
all. They just have a very superficial
understanding of all of it. And it's
just like, well, I'll give their money
back. Like, okay. [gasps] The reason why
you want to have an intro offer to get
back to the point is that it's usually
quite difficult to convert the higher
level clients from cold email and paid
ads to recurring service right away.
They don't know you, they don't like
you, they don't trust you. It's easy to
do from referrals, but it can be
difficult from cold traffic and an intro
offer. It's very good way to kind of
stepping stone or bridge the gap. So,
let's get into an example. It's a cold
email agency. I work with a cold email
agency that, you know, came or started
around the $1 million per year mark and
they're doing okay, but their recurring
service is just cold email basically and
it's just they got to pay 15K up front
for 3 months and then there's other
stuff, you know, if they want to
continue, it's x amount of month after.
It's very high friction. Not only do
they have to trust you, they have to pay
you, you know, upfront. So, I
recommended in their ads that they do a
nocost pilot project, which is basically
one month free cold email management.
And they had a $500 deposit. I believe
it's not just for anyone. And this
helped them go from 1 million run rate
to three million in five months with
basically no other changes to what
they're doing. Their cold email response
rate increased by 6.2% versus just, hey,
let me run your cold email. And their
paid ad CTR increased by 400%.
The only difference is that instead of
just I run cold email for brands is I'll
do your emails for free for a month to
prove it. and free work is very very
good on the very low end of the bell
curve as well as the very high end of
the bell curve. It's where you know for
absolute beginners and experts who know
they're going to get a great result.
Very very good. It's the middle where
you aren't exactly beginner but you kind
of suck at what you do still is when I
probably wouldn't do free work. But for
this one it's great. When you're going
to do free work, you don't just like
randomly do it. Like I said, you have a
deposit and then you also only offer it
to qualified clients. It's like there's
no point in doing it even with a deposit
to someone who doesn't have revenue,
right? Doesn't make sense.
So, in terms of intro offers, what you
need to do, think of some one-time
offers that you could use to get your
foot in the door. And in my opinion,
most intro offers should be as close to
$2,500 as possible without going below
the $250 per hour mark in terms of
effective hourly rate. So, if you have
$250 per hour and or you charge 2500 and
it takes you 10 hours, 2500 divided by
10, that's $250 effective hourly rate.
You charge 2500 takes you 20 hours,
that's 125. It's too low. And this $250
effective hourly rate in my opinion,
like by the time you pay your
contractors and payment processing fees
and employees and your, you know, ad
spend and you pay taxes and all that
kind of stuff, there's not really much
money left if you go below the $250 per
hour mark.
You can really add a strong guarantee to
inter offers and you really can't do a
strong guarantee to your main recurring
service. And I think that's something
that a lot of people get wrong, too. It
just like doesn't even make any sense to
have a guarantee on your main service.
Like, we guarantee you're going to get
more email revenue. You guarantee your
email revenue is going to be over 500%
bigger if you work with it. Not
believable. Doesn't even make sense. No
one in their right mind would believe
that. But when you do it like we are
going to manage your email for free for
1 month and if we don't do better than
with our campaigns for example or our
broadcasts whatever you call them than
before we're going to give you this much
money as a refund even though you didn't
pay anything. Very very strong. So I
want you to make a list of 10 potential
offers that fit the criteria above. And
similar to what I said before, I like to
run ads and run cold emails to each
offer a lot of the time without even
building it out first to see which gets
the most interest. Instead of guessing,
you can actually just see what works in
terms of real results when you do it
like that.
The next thing is going to be the
course. And most companies, the main
problem that they face or one of the
many problems they face is they have
nothing to offer the lower level leads
in their target market. because not
everybody's at $10 million per year
company, right? I think it's 0.4% of
people ever get to 10 million a year.
So, if you're going to cherrypick and
you're going to try to, you know, do
something like that, you're going to
need you're going to have a lot a lot of
unqualified people. So, basically, most
companies treat everything is buy our
service or [__] off. And that's fine if
you want to do that, I guess, but it
really leaves a lot of revenue on the
table. They don't want to sell a course
or something of that nature because they
worry about training their potential
competitors. And the problem is that in
terms of pure numbers, almost everyone
who sees your ads, outreach, content,
etc., just cannot buy your service,
whether that's price, fit, timing, and
the higher and higher up you get in
terms of how successful your clients
are, the more and more that comes true.
If you're only dealing with 10 billion a
year businesses, that's one in every 250
businesses. One in every 250 people who
sees your ads, maybe that's very
optimistic, by the way, might qualify
for them. It doesn't even mean they
click on them. Doesn't even mean they
watch your VSSL. Doesn't mean they fill
out a form. Doesn't mean they book a
call. So, if you're going to do it like
that, and that's a situation where you
find yourself in, you really have to
have all of these other offers or you're
not going to make very much money.
So let's get into an example here. I had
a YouTube editing agency still my client
actually. So the YouTube agency is not
like a B2B one. It's actually a B TOC
entertainment prank, you know, like it
doesn't work for Mr. Beast, but it' be
like the Mr. Beast style of videos, not
like my kind of videos. So, they came to
me and they were about 80k a month in
revenue and they're frustrated that, you
know, in their words, "Oh my, 100% of
the leads I generate are not YouTubers."
And that was not necessarily true.
They're just [__] YouTubers that, you
know, even if they really wanted to,
they probably couldn't benefit from his
service. So, what I did is I made him
package all of his SOPs, all of his
assets, all of his internal trainings
and sell a $997 course. and he sells so
many of them because he's actually
fairly big on YouTube himself.
Onethird of all of his revenue last time
I checked came from this course which is
more than 997 now but it was when for
the example. So he uses like another
thing before I get started is a lot of
people you know view this kind of stuff
negatively because they don't
understand. They view it like in terms
of pure numbers. One of the best things
that this guy has is the community and
the audience and the customers in his
course. And he uses all of like uses
those all the time in the sales process.
You know, basically, you know, all those
guys pitching in your DMs, they're in my
community. They're learning from me.
Might as well just hire the best instead
of, you know, just pretending or being
shy that you have a course. The course
is a huge revenue stream for him. And he
actually has a minority partner now. And
it's also a huge form of social proof
that helps sell their services. So what
you want to do here is make a list of
all of your internal assets, tools,
workflows, IP, you name it. Set up a
platform like Kajjabi or Thinkific and
make categories and modules. Repackage
all your stuff, make it look nice, make
it look readable, and plug it into the
platform. And you should build this
course with a dual mindset. Number one,
like you should be putting so much time
and effort to the same standard as
you're training your own employees. Like
your own employees or people who want to
work for you should be able to go
through this course and just learn how
to do it. That's how good it should be.
Because if it's that good, it's going to
be good for your customers as well. And
make this a course a big part of all of
your internal processes with your SOPs
and your trainings. Constantly update it
and announce it in the chat for your
community. And you're going to get great
results doing so.
The next we're going to talk to is the
program. And I think it's a necessary
function of everything because there's a
big market of those who don't want you
to do it for them and they don't want to
do it themselves. And I think based on
my experience, especially with agencies
and consultancies, this is about 15 to
20% of the total market. They don't
really want you to do it for them. They
don't want to do it alone. They want you
to help them. And when you have a
program, it usually entails a group or a
community of some aspect. is basically a
course with a community and that group
kind of like the course but even more so
not only has like great revenue
potential but they also are a great
source of future clients and referrals
that simply you don't get if you don't
have this program. So I have a lead
generation program. I can't tell you how
many times that my clients or my
students or whatever you want to call
them say, you know, I obviously don't
need your services, but I know someone
who used to works at, you know, this
huge business loan brokerage that could
hire you or, you know, I don't need your
services, but I can introduce you to my
old boss who buys auto insurance leads.
Like, this happens to me all the time.
It's kind of very shocking and it
happens to everybody including my
client's course in the who in the
YouTube client. So many of his clients
that he gets are referrals from people
in his program. So I want to go to a
different example. It's a large Facebook
ad community and I want to be
transparent. This is not really a client
of mine. Oh, not really. It isn't a
client of mine and never was. It's
someone that I know who's in a group
chat that I'm part of of business
owners. So, they have a huge Facebook ad
agencies and they had a basic course,
but they're complaining that a lot of
the people in the course were either
like kind of too advanced for the
course, but just not hiring them cuz
they have a big agency and the big
requirements to work with them. It was
obvious to me that he and his partner
should host a course on a community
platform at a couple of weekly calls and
just be active in it. And not only now
is his program like one of the biggest
kind of Facebook ad communities on earth
that does huge revenue on its own, but
it's also a huge source of social proof
and a huge source of referrals and
inbound leads that he just wasn't
getting before and it's completely
changed. You know, he's actually making
huge money now. Say probably 2 million a
month in revenue at huge margin, 75%. So
he's making a lot of money. So what you
want to do is finish our course
completely. Create a community on
Telegram, Slack, Discord, WhatsApp,
school, [__] whatever you want really.
Start asking on the call booking page if
they want to prioritize do-it-yourself,
done with you, done for you. You can
also do that on the type form based on
what revenue. Redirect them to what
works best. If you have a really really
high ticket service, like let's just say
your services start at 30K or something,
it actually is usually best to offer the
program as your main offer that you
promote in your content, your ads, all
that kind of stuff, just because very
few people are going to even qualify for
your main one. and then constantly talk
about how big and how great your
community is on sales calls and publicly
and all that kind of stuff because it
again it's a huge form of social proof
that will lead to a better close rate.
The second last one we're going to talk
about here is the referral fees. And a
lot of the time people really do need
your service. It's not a matter of if
they want a course, a program or
service. they really do need a service
for whatever reason, but they just
genuinely can't afford it or they need
something else just as bad. And many
people kind of are unqualified for
whatever reason. But there's another
kind of group of people who need your
service and other services or they might
thought you needed your service, but
they actually need something else. like
they thought they wanted paid ads but
they're not far along enough so you
refer them to a cold email person or
they thought they wanted Google ads but
you said okay your budget's not there
for ad spend go to SEO [snorts] if you
don't have a ready-made list of
referrals you're missing a lot of out on
a lot of potential and this is a a
business that I'm a part of but it
started as a client of mine it's an
addiction treatment lead genen client so
client is in the addiction treatment
niche but we only work with people who
had a 50k a budget or more. And that is
because it's kind of a funny niche. If
they don't have a 50k per month budget,
it's just like a good proxy for they're
not big enough. And the problem with,
you know, solo clinics in this niche is
they just can't accept enough
insuranceances for it to be profitable
unless they have multiple centers and a
long history. Like that's the background
of it. So what we do is anybody who
signifies on the type form from our paid
ads or outreach or whatever or content
that they're under 50k per month, we
refer them to an SEO agency or a Google
ads agency instead and both of them pay
us 5K per close. So, if you do the math
on that, we get calls for maybe $1 or
$125.
And, you know, most of them are
unqualified, transparently, but let's
just say we send them for $150 to our
partner here.
So, $150 per call
and then let's just say our partner
generously closes 10%, right? That he
closed more than that or he wouldn't be
our partner. But that's a $1,500 in CAC,
right? And sometimes this goes up,
sometimes it doesn't. But let's just say
this for the sake of example. They pay
us 5K. And if you don't know, it cost it
cost them 1,500 or it cost us 1,500 to
basically get them the calls for one
client. And we get 5K. So we're getting
over a three times return on ad spend
just by referring out. So this is like
don't discount this. This is one of the
most powerful things you could possibly
do in your business. Um, and if you
basically refer to other people and like
now everyone like you referred all of
their service providers to them, you
know, you're more ingrained in their
life too and you're less likely to turn.
So write a list of every service that is
adjacent to yours. So you know this
addiction treatment example, Facebook
ads, Google ads, SEO, web design,
certain billing services, you know, web
like whatever. and make a list of at
least 10 people you want to reach out to
for each service because not everybody's
going to partner with you or you're not
going to agree with everybody. And then
write a list of cheaper people who sell
the same service as you do. So like you
do Facebook ads, you know, some people
in Eastern Europe, some people in South
America, some people, you know, in the
Far East, as long as they do a good job.
Create a document outlining the
agreement for referrals. I always
prioritize collecting large fees up
front. You know, like you very well
could maybe get $750 per month here in
perpetuity, right? But
I would just get 5K right now or instead
of like waiting 6 months and have my
cash flow, perfect. If they stay for 5
years and they have a huge LTV, good for
them. Don't be greedy. And then what you
want to do is you want to put all of
these referrals in your onboarding
process for new clients, like in your
onboarding dock, you know, in mind. Do
you need cold email infrastructure? Do
you need agency ad accounts? Do you need
an accountant? Do you need a bookkeeper?
Do you need a lawyer? That's all in my
And I like send referrals out left and
right and get a lot of referrals back,
too. The more referrals you send out,
you'll get fees, but you also get
referrals back. And it's very, very,
very, very powerful.
The final or I was mistaken. We have two
more. The next is digital products. And
the problem that a lot of people face
and why this is necessary is there just
tons of people in any given target
market who either don't qualify for your
service or they just don't trust you
enough to even buy your course. So
this is a big problem especially when
you're in paid ads and outreach. They're
not a good fit for your main service.
Think whether they can afford it but
they still want to buy something from
you or they just don't even trust you at
all or enough to even book a call.
digital product is great to monetize
more of your audience for both. So, I'm
going to use the example of my SER
agency that I sold here. There are tons
of levels of e-commerce stores in the
market, maybe more so in that niche than
any other niche. And in my view, a great
digital product is interesting to every
level of the target market from people
even started to beginners to
intermediate to masters to the absolute
peak. So what I did is I sold 100
landing page templates for $97 cuz CRO
our intro offer was landing pages.
That's what they're kind of coming in
for. So it was a great fit. And you
should have seen it. Like I got
basically CEOs doing nine figures using
their emails and buying these and
probably just sending it to their team.
I got mid-level beginners.
It was a grand slam as far as a digital
product goes cuz it's just interesting
to everyone. And that's what I think you
need to do because if your digital
product kind of appeal is too narrow,
you're just not going to have a high
enough conversion rate to really make it
work.
So when you're doing a digital product,
templates usually work the best. See
what you can do in there. And like I
said, make sure the templates are
valuable to every level of the target
market. You don't really or you can't
really do that much or get a great
result just selling info as your digital
product. That's just if you're going to
sell info, sell way more info and
package it to the course. Don't try to
do it as a digital product anymore. It's
just markets are too sophisticated.
Something that you need to keep in mind
is your digital product cannot have any
fulfillment. It is a product, not a
service. So, I'll make you five ad
creatives for $99. You know, it might
sound like a digital product, but that
is a service. It's not the same thing.
And when you find something that works,
do more and then better and then new.
Just like our friend Alex from Mosie
says. So more you know increase the ad
spend, increase the volume. Once that
stops working, work on your ad creatives
and landing page. That stops working,
try something absolutely new, usually a
new product. And I like to price my
digital products at 97 always to give
myself enough margin to break even. The
play here is you sell something for 97,
maybe you get 92 or 93 after payment
processing fees and software. As long as
your customer acquisition cost is 92 or
less, you're basically getting customers
for free and hoping they upsell. That's
really what you're trying to do here.
The last and final thing we'll talk
about is affiliate. And there are many
people that just buy softwares or
there's many softwares that people will
just buy anyway. And the lack of high
margin MR in most companies and there
are m like the amount of missed
opportunities are there is truly
stunning. And this is one of them. In
every guide, in every digital product,
in every blog on your website, you
should be including the appropriate
affiliate links that have to do with
your service. Because when you do this
at a large scale, you could build huge
and huge amounts of MR. Good example is
like I think he's a drop shipping guru
type guy named Adrien Morrison. Just
Google him maybe. His front-end ad offer
is that he's going to use AI to build
you a drop shipping store for free. But
if you actually want that, you don't
have a Shopify store and you need to
sign up for Shopify, right? And if you
do that, I'm sure he gets a really,
really nice special Shopify commission,
then if you actually succeed in drop
shipping, he upsells you to his other
stuff. And however that works is however
that works. I have no idea. But it's a
very, very good use of affiliate links
in an actual funnel. So in your digital
products, your course, your platform,
your onboarding, all that kind of stuff,
include affiliate links. And for all of
your stuff, like if you if you can find
a justifiable way to include affiliate
links in your ad offers, just like
Adrien Morrison, you can grow huge MR.
And if you refer to a lot of the right
softwares, you can usually get some
referrals or special deals back. And if
you do manage to hit it big and you're
just basically become people's top
affiliate, you can always negotiate for
more stuff. So that is basically it for
this offer master class. It's everything
that I think everybody should be doing.
I hope it was valuable.